In the first row, we need to start
by remembering from the previous
quiz what happened when we typed
w less than or equal to 0.5.
When we type that, we get a vector
of logical values, true or false
with the first six values being true and
the last five values being false.
We pass that vector of logical
values inside square brackets.
And the vector w, what happens
is that we get the indices of w
corresponding to locations where
we have logical values true.
since the vector w less than or equal
to 0.5 have the first six values true,
the first six indices will be
retrieved and will get the vector 0.0,
0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5.
In the second row,
we get the first outcome as the first
row using slightly different syntax.
We use the command subset and
we pass the vector w
holding the value 00.1.2
all the way to 1.
And then we pass another vector of
logical values containing true or false.
The function extracts
the elements of w corresponding
to the positions where the second
logical vector has true values.
In the third row we assign the value
0 to a subset of the vector w.
The subset of the vector w is defined
by the condition w less than or
equal to 0.5, which corresponds to
the first six values being true.
Therefore, the extracted first six
values will be assigned the value 0,
and the value of the vector
after this command
will be the same as the original vector
w with the first six values zeroed out.